SmartWho  releases a new feature “White Slate” to its chatrooms and Video Conferencing products. 

 

White Slate feature helps our customers to solve the online classroom-board problem with Extra features. 

 

The problem with online rooms is, there is not a common board that allows users to discusses their ideas that is visible by everyone and edited by everyone. So, we came up “White slate” to solve this problem that let the users to overcome the offline board Problems and solves the limitations of classroom board effectively with new features. 

 

Let's take a real-life scenario where two or more people involved in a meeting and he wants to demonstrate something to the other people in the form of presentation or just writing a text, in this case he will use other means to explain what he wanted to say and giving others access to read/write those boards   it is a hectic process in the online conference rooms. 

In online there is always a case of network failure, so we lost the work we do till now, So with Slate Board we solve these problems in a creative way. 

 

To overcome this problem, we introduced “White slate”, it is a white board that is easy to 

Create and say what he wants to say easily with the beautiful features in the “White slate”  

He can easily give access to the people in the room easily. It contains slides to show some kind of presentation, we can add pictures to our board which is very difficult in the offline board. And finally, if the use user wants to download notes can download easily with a button click. We implemented an auto-save feature that helps the instructor to resume from where he left-off in case of a network failure. 

 

Users can start using this feature from today in all the SmartWho applications and start interacting with the other users effectively and peacefully without any additional resources.\ 

 
 

“Our main motive is to make our users life easy and efficient” - CEO of smartWho Mallela Nitheesh. “With this feature our users will become more interactive during the class and easily download the notes of lecture with one click” - PM of smartWho  

 
 
 

“With White slate I can easily show my presentation, add pictures and get good interaction with my students and it unloads extra burden on me to give extra notes and auto-save feature is a handy feature”  

                     - Murali Karthik a teacher who uses Slate Board. 

 

 

 

FAQ’S 

 
 

1. Does we install any plugin to use White Slate? 

Ans: No, you do not need to install any plugin or extra apps, you can see a rectangular icon in the Bottom toolbar.  

    Note: The app should be updated to the latest version. 

 
 

2.How much time it takes to adapt to the slate board? 

Ans:  Once you start using it, you get good hang of tools in with in 2 meetings. 

    the UI is simple and easy to understand. 

 
 

3.Who Will be Admin of the White Slate and who can access my board? 

Ans: Admin rights will be at the person who host the meeting. He can create the new board and give read/write access to the students he wants. 

 
 

4.What are the additional features we can do with slate other than presentation writing test and drawing?  

Ans: 1. You can save the classroom notes in our cloud Services and you can access /    

    download anytime.  

          2. You can give notes access later to any student who misses the lecture.  

    3. If network fails you can resume from where you left of with the auto save feature we have. 

 
 

5. If there is any problem on slate-board How can I report it you? 

Ans:  Our developer and testing team have done different test to make sure nothing crashes. 

    Even though due to any issue the board is not working you can restart the board and   resume the work with the auto-save feature we have. 

 

 Internal FAQ’s 

    What is the important problem we are solving with white slate? 

Ans: we are providing our customer with an offline classroom board in our product for the smooth experience without using any other means. 

 

    What service can we provide other than a board? 

Ans: we can provide auto-save and class room presentation download as the  

      Extra features. 

 

`3. Are there any drawbacks of the white slate? 

Ans: if the user is hard to use the interface, there may be a chance that he goes back to other means .so, it is important us to make our UI clean and smooth experience. 